How do you get to know your bosses? You're also reporting senior one we're
gonna be standing watching with when you're on the way. You're
going to be in the wardroom sharing meals with Wait, go out, socialize
with that. Always social questions. Where the Navy there's always
gonna be social function. Some points where you can get out of your
seniors. I would say anymore all it also proves changes. You boy, you'll
be able to do a bruise shop swap at some point, you volunteer
way. Always do that. Especially, were operating with the ally, you know,
saying shits exercise. They always looked to send someone you know,
Gruden also change. Use that, uh, my first ship way. We're operating
in LG Focus lines with South Korean Navy on. Somehow it came down
to the roster and watch lost or won the coin toss in a lot of spending.
Three weeks on the south prison ship. Good. Also exchange to
do things. You definitely want to do that And cultivate that your envy
work sees a future roll off your ship, your squatters, your division.
You gonna roll something else? So it is always good to ask questions
we'll have a cup of coffee, so I have a cup of coffee. It's a
social function, all trained, but I have often asked, That's the one
way Always ask a senior. So how do you get it? What did you do that
Zizi, his wife.